h2. About oUF_Quaiche

__NOTE: Starting with v2.1 there are no longer any Buff/Debuff icons on the player or target frames. I have changed my UI to use SatrinaBuffFrames for these aura icons, so no longer need them in my layout.__

This is my personal oUF layout. As with most oUF layouts, this addon requires oUF to function.

Provides the following Unit Frames
* Player
* Target
* Target of Target 
* Focus
* Focus Target
* Pet
* Party
* Party Pets
* Raid (only groups 1-5)
* Raid Pets

Additional Features
* AFK indication by coloring the player/party/raid names red
* Built in healthbar threat coloring (no Banzai required)

h2. Required Dependency

You must download and install oUF to use this layout:
"http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info9994-oUF.html":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info9994-oUF.html

h2. Recommended Optional Dependencies

This layout support the following oUF Extensions to add extra features:

* "oUF_CombatFeedback":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info8769-oUFCombatFeedback.html - live feedback showing damage and heals on each unit
* "oUF_DebuffHighlight":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info8812-oUFDebuffHighlight.html - shows icons for dispellable debuffs
* "oUF_DruidHots":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/ouf_druidhots.aspx - grid-style indicators for druid HoT spells
* "oUF_HealComm":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info9782-oUF_HealComm.html - Green overlay bars showing heals that are incoming from other players
* "oUF_HealComm4":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info14787-oUF_HealComm4.html - Different (better) green overlay bars showing heals that are incoming from other players
* "oUF_MovableFrames":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info15425-oUF_MovableFrames.html - Lets you reposition the frames anywhere on the screen
* "oUF_ReadyCheck":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info9856-oUFReadyCheck.html - Shows little ready check status icons on the party and raid frames
* "oUF_RuneBar":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info12616-oUFRuneBar.html - Rune bar for Death Knights

h2. Bugs, Suggestions or Comments

Please file any bugs, suggestions or comments as a ticket on the "CurseForge project":http://wow.curseforge.com/projects/ouf_quaiche/tickets/

h2. Credits

Haste of course for his amazing framework that makes all this possible. Tekkub, Caellian, Ammo, p3Lim, and many, many others for tips tricks and pointers along the way.
